Let's cross now to Tel Aviv the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
arrived we believe he's about to deliver
a statement of course there is news of a
uh Soldier a female Soldier has been
freed after being held in captivity in
Gaza by Hamas uh Netanyahu himself is
under intense pressure there's been
protests around Israel to bring the
prisoners home big protest outside City
Hall and many believe uh the war in Gaza
should stop uh so the prisoners can be
brought back but they can't see how it
happens while the offens goes on he's
speaking now so let's listen to him
would enable us to move beyond the
barbaric horrors of the past towards a
better and Brilliant future many believe
that we could go about our comfortable
lives and that evil will simply pass Us
by
it will not the horrors that Hamas
perpetrated on October 7th remind us
that we will not realize the promise of
a better future unless we the Civilized
world are willing to fight The
Barbarians because the barbarians are
willing to fight us and their goal is
clear shatter that promising future
destroy all that we cherish and Usher in
a world of fear and
Darkness ladies and gentlemen this is a
turning point a turning point for
leaders and
Nations it is time for all of us to
decide if we are willing to fight for a
future of Hope and promise or surrender
to tyranny and
Terror now rest assured Israel will
fight since October 7th Israel has been
at
War Israel did not start this war Israel
did not want this war but Israel will
win this
war Kamas launched this war by
perpetrating the worst savagery of
people have sin since the
Holocaust Hamas murdered children in
front of their parents murdered parents
in front of their
children they bur people alive they
raped women they beheaded
men they tortured Holocaust Survivors
they kidnapped babies
they committed the most horrific crimes
imaginable and they're part of the
Access of Evil that Iran is formed an
access of Terror that works by arming
training and financing Hamas and Gaza
his Bala in Lebanon theis in Yemen and
other Terror proxies throughout the
Middle East and Beyond the Middle East
in fighting Hamas and the Iranian axis
of Terror Israel is fighting the enemies
of civilization
itself victory over these enemies begins
with moral Clarity and
wrong it means making a moral
distinction between the deliberate
murder of the innocent and the
unintentional C casualties that
accompany every legitimate War even the
most just
War it means holding Hamas responsible
for the double War crime it commits
every day by deliberately targeting
Israeli civilians while deliberately
using palestin civilians as human
Shields it means making clear that the
use of human Shields is not only an
immoral tactic of Terror but also an
ineffective one because as long as
hamas's use of Palestinian human Shields
result in the International Community
blaming Israel Hamas will continue to
use it as a tool of Terror and so will
others Hamas will continue to use the
basements in gaza's hospitals as the
command post of its vast territ tonnel
Network work it will continue to use
mosques as fortified military positions
and weapon Depots it will continue to
steal Fuel and humanitarian assistance
from un
facilities while Israel is doing
everything to get Palestinians civilians
out of Harm's Way Hamas is doing
everything to keep Palestinian civilians
In Harm's Way Israel urges Palestinian
civilians to leave the areas of armed
conflict while Hamas prevents those
civilians from leaving those are
at
gunpoint Hamas is also preventing
foreign Nationals from leaving Gaza
altogether and most despicably Hamas is
holding over 200 Israeli hostages
including 33 children holding them
terrorizing them keeping them as
hostages every Civilized Nation should
stand with Israel and demanding that
these hostages be freed immediately and
freed unconditionally
I want to make clear Israel's position
regarding a
ceasefire just as the United States
would not agree to a ceasefire after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor or after the
terrorist attack of 911 Israel will not
agree to a cation of hostilities with
Hamas after the horrific attacks of
October
7th calls for a ceasefire are calls for
Israel to surrender to Hamas to
surrender to terrorism to surrender to
barbarism
that will not happen ladies and
gentlemen the Bible says that there is a
Time For Peace and a time for war this
is a time for war a war for our common
future today we draw a line between the
forces of civilization and the forces of
barbarism it is a time for everyone to
decide where they stand Israel will
stand against the forces of barbarism
until Victory I hope and pray that
civilized Nations everywhere will back
this fight because Israel's fight is
your fight because if Hamas and Iran's
axis of Evil win you will be their next
Target that's why Israel's Victory will
be your Victory but make no mistake
regardless of who stands with Israel
Israel will fight until this battle is
won and Israel will prevail may God
bless Israel and may God bless all the
those who stand with
Israel so the first question will go
to news 18 India
nage please take the microphone
sir good evening sir good evening
nearest from India I I represent Network
18 group in India my question to you is
that how do you see the India's stand on
UN resolution India abstained because in
resolution there was no condemnation of
terrorism I think that uh resolution was
deeply flawed and I was sorry to see
that even many of our friends uh did not
insist that there would be a full and
Powerful condemnation of the hards that
were committed here that are Horrors
that no civilized country including uh
your country and so many others
would tolerate yes watching the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin nety who saying
that Israel will not agree to a
ceasefire that is a call to surrendered
to Hamas he said this is a time for war
he talked of hospitals and mosques being
command posts of Hamas and said that
Israel is doing everything it can not to
hit civilians he said he said that Hamas
is preventing civilians from moving at
gunpoint let's go to straight to Alan
Fischer now who's joining us live from
occupied East rum has been listening in
and Allan so clearly the the Israeli
Prime Minister very defensive and well
on the attack as well all at
once uh exactly a lot more emboldened
than he was on Saturday evening when he
spoke uh in Hebrew to a domestic
audience this was aimed at an
international audience and you could
tell that from the language that was
used and the fact that he spoke in
English uh making references uh
particularly to America not calling for
a ceasefire after Perl harbor not
calling for a ceasefire after 911 he is
comparing it to these two pivotal
moments in US history and he obviously
sees this as a pivotal moment in Israeli
uh history uh attacking Hamas again
pointing out what they had done as far
as the Israelis are concerned uh on the
7th of October um and saying that this
is a war for civilization against
barbarism and again making an appeal to
the international Community saying that
they have to pick aide almost Echoes of
George Bush famously at Ground Zero
after 911 saying you're either with us
or against us not quite as Stark in the
language but certainly making the point
that Nations need to stand with Israel
uh and just in that last question
criticizing some of even their friends
who uh were critical in the UN
resolution about the way Israel is
conducting the war in Gaza
excuse me and the growing death to there
indeed and the Israeli Prime Minister
under a lot of pressure with all the
protests that been going on within
Israel uh for him to stop the war so
they can get out the prisoners who were
taken by
Hamas well certainly we were under the
impression that one of the things he
would address and addressed fairly early
on was the video that was released by
Hamas in the last few hours which shows
at three women who are being held
captive and one of them it speaks very
directly to Benjamin Netanyahu and is
very critical of his position saying
that there was a security military and
political failure which led to her being
held captive saying that that he needed
to to do more to release those captives
and then in the last couple of hours
we've heard news of a an Israeli soldier
being freed while an operation in Gaza
they say they're not going to give any
more information out about that Hamas
say that it's a cynical by the
Israelis alleging that this Soldier was
afraid to detract from that video so you
can see that this isn't just a battle
that's being fought on the ground in
Gaza with obviously all the casualties
it's inflicting this is a propaganda War
as well with both sides fighting to do
whatever they can to gain the upper hand
and create the narrative which then
becomes more dominant around the world
and uh again Alan the Israeli Prime
Minister referring to unintended casual
saying that Hamas deliberately targeting
Israeli civilians while using civilians
as human Shields within
Gaza and it's a line he's returned to
several times uh but making the point
here that Hamas in his view deliberately
targeted uh men women and children
civilians whereas Israel is doing all it
can to avoid uh civilian
casualties that would perhaps surprise
many many people in Gaza including
people like our our own correspondent
there who received a call today to say
that her house was possibly being
targeted H and certainly those who move
from the north of Gaza to the south on
the instructions of Israel and then
found that the South was also being
bombed would perhaps argue that uh
Benjamin Netanyahu is using that as an
address to the wider World rather than
addressing the real situation in Gaza
that
innocent civilians are being killed more
than 3,000 children more than one every
10 minutes so that that that certainly
while he's making that point it is a
line that Israel has used again and
again and they talk about using
Precision bombs but as you've heard from
many experts in the past if you send a
Precision bomb into an area where there
are thousands and thousands of people
there is going to be collateral damage
which is a very Bland way of saying
there is there is going to be a number
and a large number of Civilian deaths
all right Alan thanks for that Alan fish
there in occupied East Jerusalem H let's
take this on now we can speak now to
Abdul Hamid Sam who's the professor of
political science and Middle East
studies at rgas University Welcome Back
uh so this speech from the Israeli Prime
Minister uh as Alan says it's a familiar
refrain isn't it this a reference to
unintended casualties Hamas using
civilians as human Shields and so forth
uh who's taking seriously no one I
believe I mean he's speaking to the
converts only but around the world no
one believe him you cannot talk about
collateral damage it seems the
US yeah because the politicians want to
believe that because even if he doesn't
say it they will say it for him because
it's one one discourse between Israel
and the US in this war especially and
again you have 8,000 more more than
8,000 civilians killed including
3,500 children killed and you call that
unintended killing what about if it was
intended to to kill half a million what
what what kind of a a speech he he
delivered uh and again the world is
becoming uh aware of what's Happening he
is losing the media War now because of
social media go travels around the world
young people are uh technically Savvy
they distributed these videos and and
now it's common knowledge that is they
are punishing the gazan the people of
Gaza because they embraced Hamas Hamas
was part of the the fabric of the people
in Gaza it's okay hold on right there
because we're just going to knit back to
the press conference well we were going
to but I see that the Israeli Prime
Minister has now moved on so so from his
point of view uh from Net's point of
view is an important speech to a
familiar ref frame but an important
speech and really delivered for a
domestic audience yeah yeah he's trying
to calm his domestic uh the domestic
pressure coming from the families and
coming from the public about especially
the hostages about over 200 people they
they they putting pressure on him to do
something about it yeah and especially
and again the failures also of the the
whole Israeli apparatus in what happened
on on the 7th of October so they will
not forgive him for for that you saw
what happened yesterday when he has
dispute with his intelligence Chiefs so
he has to retract his uh his tweet
yesterday yeah exactly and also we have
this you know the latest thing the video
that came out of out of gazra of the
hostages of the prisoners there um and
that's not going to help netanyahu's
calls back at home is it I think now
generally the Israelis unite normally
when there time of conflict but not this
time I mean the there is fraction as we
see the battle is going going on I mean
they support the Army but they're not
supporting Netanyahu and there will be
more pressure on Netanyahu in the next
coming a few a few we days and weeks
especially with the hostages still held
in Gaza uh importantly he also said
Israel will not agree to a ceasefire
that is a call to surrender to her Mass
this is a time for war and that is not
something that is going to sit well with
this growing push uh from
lots of leaders around the world at
least to go for a humanitarian truce
unfortunately he supported by the us on
this I mean Jack Sullivan said exactly
the same right a ceasefire means giving
Hamas more chance to uh regroup and
benefit from a ceasefire so the only
country I think even the Europeans met
the other day and asked for a
humanitarian Corridor they didn't call
exactly for ceasefire but I around the
world they been talking about either
truce or humanitarian pose or ceasefire
these are the three terms floating from
one place to the other and the Security
Council is meeting this afternoon in New
York time to discuss a draft resolution
prepared by the yes I was going to come
on to that so so they're going to
prepare this draft resolution prepared
by the UAE so so what what do you make
of that and and what chances that it
actually something will pass this time
because they've made various attempts
since the start of October the 7th and
they've all failed so far at the
security Council I think they're trying
to benefit from the experience of four
different draft resolution did not make
it so they might ease the US uh
insistence on condemning Hamas they
might include that and they might talk
about humanitarian pose with and release
all
hostages and
uh cancel that order of removing about 1
million to the to the southern part of
Gaza so they might these four elements
which the these elements came also in
the general assembly resolution it
didn't mention Hamas by name the ga
resolution but it could come here you
think think Americans would buy that
though would they would they vote for
that they have to negotiate with them I
mean when they put it in on a vote I
believe it might take a day or two they
will negotiate hard to try to get
consensus or at least no veto
and all the while there is this issue
going back to the prisoners there's this
issue of those that have helped captive
in Gaza and those Palestinian prisoners
within Israel and Hamas saying that
they're prepared to do as Alan Fisher
puts it an all for all SWAP I I'm don't
think that will say but that's a
bargaining uh starting point I don't
think they expect there's about 8,000
Palestinian in jail, 1600 of them were
arrested since uh October 7 but at least
there are women they can release they
can release all women all children all
DET detainees who are not indicted and
maybe some other prisoners who finished
either their term or some of them like
leaders like Maran barui or some some
but there could be a bargain I'm sure
the negotiation will end up with some a
package of that satisfy both sides yeah
and meanwhile the the ground invasion is
continuing we've seen uh the sky is
pretty clear at the moment but we have
seen great spirals of smoke going above
the sky of the Gaza night sky as the the
strikes continue and the ground Invasion
goes on and apparently a female Soldier
has been released or
freed we don't know that if it's confirm
because it was I don't know
if you would thought it would have been
mentioned in that press conference would
yeah but Hamas said that is a propaganda
War to divert the Israeli public from
the other so we don't know
anyhow I think a full fledged ground uh
attack or Invasion maybe is not in the
making now but they keep expanding the
incursion every single night they expand
it they try to destroy and and move on
um for now I think the um maybe the US
is not for full-fledged ground uh
Invasion for for the time being right
but people are being forced to relocate
on on a big scale aren't there and there
AR and their fear is that this
displacement might last for Generations
I mean after all there's previous on
this isn't that yeah but where they
going to go I mean they going to go to
southern part of Gaza but but nowhere to
go I mean Gaza is so small so tiny that
if you push everyone to the South you
going to end up having two over 2
million in half of what Gaza size which
is 15 in 150 kilom how they going to
survive that how how can to be this area
going to be viable and uh people allow
people to survive and continue with
their lives there okay we'll leave it
there for the moment thanks very much
ABD Hamid appreciate that we'll see you
a bit later thank you as things continue
here